hey guys my name is Phil Lesh anko and
today I'm going to show you how to make
your own PCBs using the toner transfer
method so you can build something like
this or whatever you want to build the
first step is to prepare board design in
your favorite CAD software and print it
out on a single sided glossy paper I use
ego as my CAD software and as you can
see the board has already been made and
it's ready for printing I just need to
hide some of the layers I don't want to
print that's it and just press the print
button and make sure that all the
options you need are selected I need a
black option I need a solid option and
make sure that scale factor is set to
one and that's it just press ok after
printing you will get something like
this and remember never ever touch the
glossy side of the paper or it will
never stick to the board
step number two clean board using any
dishwashing liquid you can find and hard
side of the kitchen sponge and I don't
really recommend you to use the
sandpaper for this purposes
step number three transfer toner from
the paper to the board using iron
preheat it to the maximum possible
temperature it's crucial for success to
have a very hot iron
step number four
gently remove paper from the board using
your fingers and maybe some brush now
let it soak in hot water when it soaked
a little bit you can gradually start to
remove the paper layer by layer
if there's some small pieces of paper
left you can remove them using brush and
glass cleaning liquid
step number five use solution of ferric
chloride and water to etch your board
and I highly recommend you to use ferric
chloride for this purpose cuz it does
kind of gentle itching and there's a
little chance you will damage thing
tracks on your board this is how very
chloride usually looks like
if you want to really fast edging you
can pour some really hot water in the
bigger container and put the smaller
container inside
and remember this stuff is really toxic
so don't try to drink that step number
six clean your board from toner using
some acetone and cotton pads
step number seven drill holes and I get
to say I really hate to do that and
that's why when designing new board I'm
trying to use exclusively SMD components
and here's the final result size of the
resistors and capacitors are away to
five
and finally I wanted to show you what it
does and well it actually does nothing
useful at all but at least it works so
that's it you can find some additional
information on my website it's jumper
1.com and don't forget to subscribe see
you guys later bye